Suggestions for BEP-009 (#708)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/02-common-principles.md

    acquisition parameters and task (however events can change from run to run
    due to different subject response or randomized nature of the stimuli). Run
    is a synonym of a data acquisition.
    Note that "uninterrupted" may look different by modality due to the nature of the
    recording.
    For example, in [MRI](04-modality-specific-files/01-magnetic-resonance-imaging-data.md),
    if a subject leaves the scanner, the acquisition must be restarted.

>     For some types of [PET](04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For some types of [PET](04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.md) acquisitions,
```

    acquisition parameters and task (however events can change from run to run
    due to different subject response or randomized nature of the stimuli). Run
    is a synonym of a data acquisition.
    Note that "uninterrupted" may look different by modality due to the nature of the
    recording.
    For example, in [MRI](04-modality-specific-files/01-magnetic-resonance-imaging-data.md),
    if a subject leaves the scanner, the acquisition must be restarted.
    In [PET](04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.md),

>     the start of acquisition is at injection, so a subject may leave and re-enter the

Reviewer 2: Not strictly correct wording, as the injection may start at time X, but the participant will not necessarily be entering the scanner (i.e. acquisition start) until time Y.

```suggestion
    for some types of acquisition (dynamic PET), the subject may leave and re-enter the scanner without interrupting the scan. 
```

https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F3-540-48714-X_8

Author: For simplicity went with:

> For some types of [PET](04-modality-specific-files/09-positron-emission-tomography.md),
> a subject may leave and re-enter the scanner without interrupting the scan.

If additional text would be useful here, please let me know.

Reviewer: Maybe I would suggest adding the term acquisition, so: For some types of PET acquisitions, a subject may leave and re-enter the scanner without interrupting the scan.
